-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
Good morning.
Andy Sipowicz.
Oh, Andy. Bobby Simone.
Good to meet you.
Yeah.
Good morning, Donna.
Good morning, lieutenant.
Hey, lieu.
Lieutenant.
Morning, Andy.
- It's not gonna work out.
What isn't?
- I just met this new guy.
- Simone?
- Yeah, it's not gonna work out.
- What happened?
- Oh, don't get me started.
I mean, his attitude's all wrong.
"How you doing?" This type of thing.
- He asked you how you were doing?
- Yeah.
Yeah. Fancy.
Uh-huh. Yeah, where?
All right.
We got a homicide.
Look, Andy, you're senior in the squad.
I want him with you
until he learns the precinct.
I need glasses and everything else.
Yeah, I'm here to see Adrienne Lesniak.
And your name is?
Hey.
Jimmy.
- What?
- It's not like you give me a choice.
- Not here, please.
Oh, then where?
I can't talk to you because
I don't know where you're staying.
I can't call you because you tell
that bitch not to put me through.
- Where am I supposed to talk to you?
We have nothing to talk about.
What are you looking at?
If you need anything...
Thanks a lot.
You don't know how much
I love you, Adie.
You don't know what I'd do for you.
- You're drunk.
- Sit down!
- Get up and get the hell away from her!
No.
You back off.
I'm holding a.38
and it's pointed straight at her guts.
- Jimmy.
- You want to keep this private?
Come on, I'll give you private.
Let's go.
Hey! Hey!
Ah!
He's from the 2-7, lieu. He's on the job.
He's under arrest.
Donna, get a DA down here.
Take him to 1.
Are you happy?
Look what you did to me now, Adie!
Shut up!
Is this what you wanted?
- Simone?
- How you doing there, lieutenant?
- Okay, I got this. Get to your homicide.
Thirteenth and Third.
- You hurt?
- I'll live.
Come on, ride with me.
Simone Says
They were going out?
Yeah, they were in the 27.
She broke up with him, got transferred.
He went half-wacky.
He made the whole trip.
Here.
What was your last assignment?
Intelligence.
I drove for the commissioner.
One of those guys
that got grade promotions?
- Yeah.
- That was nice.
Where are we at?
- Over here.
- Anybody check for ID?
- No, we waited for you guys.
Start the canvass?
Have one of the uniforms run the plates
on these parked cars. Thanks.
Three in the chest. You see any more?
Raymond Alphonse Martarano Jr.
Here's a Bensonhurst address.
This the wise guy's son?
Or someone too stupid
to change his name. Hey, Greg.
Find out if the M.E.'s responding and let
Fancy know we got a mobbed-up stiff.
Back it up.
- We got a bullet shell over here.
- I got it.
Come on, guys. Move everybody back,
away from the crime scene.
- I need some cones here.
That man's the super there.
The victim knew one of the tenants.
Mr. Goldman, Det. Sipowicz.
Hi.
- You knew this man?
Mr. Big Shot? He'd tell the lamppost
who he was if nobody was around.
- Who did he know in this building?
2- C, Ms. Anderson.
Where do I find her?
- She's a model.
I'm to call her agency for emergencies.
I'll need that.
It's 246...
Help me! Help me! Help me!
My mother's been shot!
Where's your mother?
Let us through.
In there.
I was in the grocery store.
She's dead, isn't she?
Yeah, I'm afraid she is.
She was in her own apartment.
She was at her own window.
Sit down. Sit down, okay?
That's my mother.
I'm sorry.
Folks, the party's over.
I think it was a stray from the street.
- Hey. How are you feeling?
- Upset.
Well, IAB just took him to Bellevue
under 72-hour evaluation.
- He's a collar, right?
- Yeah.
I've alerted the DA and Corrections...
...so if he goes into the system,
we're going to be notified.
You want to put in a 28, Adrienne?
Try it again tomorrow?
No, I'd like to try today.
Okay, but pay attention
to how you're feeling.
Okay, thanks.
Hey.
There was a second DOA.
82-year-old woman
sitting at her window.
World's coming up here
because it's Martarano's son.
- Organized Crime, Intelligence.
- Oh, now I know the case will clear.
- Anything off canvass?
- No witnesses.
He was banging some model
who lived at the building.
Simone's finding out
where we can pick her up.
How's that going?
- Know he drove for the commissioner?
- I saw that was his last detail.
Takes me 22 years
to make second-grade.
This guy gets there
shooing away squeegee bums.
Yeah, yeah, no. I can't.
Just hold on for a second, will you?
Andy, the modeling agency told me
where she was working.
- Give me half a minute?
Yeah. Hey.
- What's going on?
- Just seeing to Abruzzo.
I understand
what you wanna do, but I-
Is that the new detective?
Yeah, Simone.
What kind of name is that?
First or last?
- If it was his first name, he'd be a girl.
Last name Simone, it sounds French.
Listen to me. I went through a whole
lot of trouble getting that red cock.
I'm not gonna sit here
and argue with you.
Tell Billy he can't come around my place
anymore with that blue-barred cock.
I'm serious. Yeah, okay, thanks.
- I breed birds.
Oh.
Racing pigeons.
- Tell him you keep fish.
Uh-uh.
Assistant DA Costas,
this is Detective Simone.
- How you doing?
- How do you do?
They give you that address?
She's on Seventh Avenue.
Must be very interesting raising pigeons.
Yeah, it's a lot of fun.
- You know, it gets you outdoors.
- You guys and your hobbies.
All right, let's go.
Okay, once again, nice and soft.
Not to camera. Don't pose.
Real relaxed, real pretty.
This isn't gonna help.
Excuse me, can I help you?
Yeah. Any of these people
Paula Anderson?
Yes.
- Well, you want me to guess?
- How long will this tie her up?
We won't know how long
until we talk to her.
And it couldn't wait
until after she finishes work?
No.
- I'll get her.
- Thank you very much.
Do you want us to wait
over there maybe?
Thank you.
How's it going, pal?
Paula, police want to talk to you.
- What a country, huh?
Yeah.
We have to take a break.
Okay, we're gonna relax a minute.
Hand me my sweater?
Sure.
- Yeah?
- You Paula Anderson?
Yeah.
- I'm Det. Sipowicz, this is Det. Simone.
What's going on?
Do you know a Raymond Martarano Jr.?
- Yeah.
- When was the last time you saw him?
We partied last night,
then I had to come to work.
You left him at your apartment?
What's going on?
He was murdered outside your building.
Your downstairs neighbor
was killed by a stray bullet.
Which downstairs neighbor?
Mrs. Savino.
I don't know anything about it.
Come down to the station with us,
and let's get the background on this.
- I'm working.
- Now you're not working.
Now you're coming down
to the station house with us.
Why don't you just get dressed,
Paula, okay?
Okay.
- Mrs. Davis?
- Yes.
I'm Adrienne Lesniak.
You asked to speak with a detective?
Yes.
But is there a male detective
I could speak with?
I'm the detective available
right now, Mrs. Davis.
Why don't you tell me why you're here.
Well, I can't be here too long.
I work.
Why do you feel you need to speak
with a detective, Mrs. Davis?
Well...
...I just wondered if someone...
...like a police detective...
...could talk to my husband.
About what?
Um....
Well, we have a daughter who's 14.
And?
Well, since she was very young...
...Arthur would help her
say her prayers.
And he would be in her room...
...sometimes 20 minutes.
And, um....
And about three years ago...
...he started closing the door...
...and staying in there.
Staying for how long?
He doesn't come to our bed anymore.
He doesn't sleep with me,
he sleeps with her.
Now, I don't know
what goes on in there.
Well, have you asked him about it?
I can't do that. I-
That would sound like an accusation.
Well, what about your daughter?
What does she say?
I haven't mentioned it to her.
Well, why not?
Well, she's still a child.
Mrs. Davis, are you saying your husband
is molesting your daughter?
No, no. I haven't said that.
I can't say that for certain.
Well, we can't investigate unless you
or your daughter alleges a crime.
Couldn't you get someone
to just go talk to him?
Mrs. Davis...
...I think you need to bring
your daughter in.
I, uh...
I left home around 6 a. m.
I didn't wake up Raymond.
He liked to sleep late.
Did he talk about meeting anybody
this morning?
No.
- You know any of his friends?
- I don't know that I'd call them friends.
I mean, I knew a couple
of his business partners but....
- No. Friends? Not lately.
- Why's that?
I don't know.
Raymond didn't talk much about it. I just
knew that they weren't getting along.
So who were the partners?
Well, the only one that I actually knew
was Jerry Littman.
He was a jobber.
Heather's Heavenly Bridal Wear.
I did their fall show.
That's how I met Raymond.
He was hitting on all the models.
Yeah?
Can you think of anyone else
Raymond didn't get along with?
I don't know. You know,
I wasn't seeing him for that long.
I mean, I never even met his family.
But, I mean, you know who they are.
Who?
- His father's totally mobbed up.
- How do you know that?
Raymond bragged about it.
- So that didn't bother you?
No. Why would it bother me?
You know how those wise guys are.
They like to spend their money.
We'd go to the clubs
and we were treated like royalty.
Before we even got to the table...
...Raymond would knock off, like,
$50 and think nothing of it.
- He ever say he was afraid of anybody?
- No.
Raymond would never admit to me
that he was afraid of anybody.
That just wasn't like him.
Aside from Raymond,
you seeing anybody else, Paula?
I work a 12-hour day.
I come home and I collapse.
- I'm a little wiped-out. Can I go home?
- No.
Just sit here and relax a while, okay?
Can we get you something? Like some
coffee, or a Coke, something like that?
Yeah. Yeah, a diet Coke.
And can I have something to eat?
A yogurt, salad?
Yeah. There's a store
around the corner here, right?
I'll take a walk.
I'll get you a yogurt.
You think there's a second boyfriend?
Maybe she'll tell us after she eats.
What does that mean?
I'm moving too slow for you?
I don't cater for them
until after they give something up.
Everybody's got their own approach.
Raymond Martarano's lawyer
is at the catching bench.
One of you guys talk to him.
I've got Organized Crime in my office.
Look, Andy, you worked a long time
with your last partner.
Me and you, we're not always
gonna start on the same page.
Yeah, I'd have scared her more
about the goombahs.
It's better to cooperate with us
than to take a beating from them.
But like you say,
everybody works their own way.
If there was another boyfriend...
...maybe she wouldn't want him
to take the beating.
That's a way to go.
- I hope you're not the sensitive type.
- Sensitive? Not usually.
So you take this lawyer,
I'll go get the yogurt, huh?
I'm Det. Sipowicz.
Phillip Fox representing Raymond
Martarano. Somewhere we could talk?
How about right here?
All right, detective,
let's not make this adversarial.
I'm simply asking the police
to provide some basic facts...
...so that Mr. Martarano
can begin to understand this tragedy.
Any chance I could speak
directly with Mr. Martarano...
...and get some basic facts back?
He's grief-stricken.
He's in no condition to talk to you.
Go tell Mr. Martarano Raymond Jr.
was shot leaving an apartment building.
One of the bullets ricocheted
and killed an 82-year-old woman.
You tell him that we're at the preliminary
stage in our investigation.
Any developments, we'll let him know.
Det. Sipowicz, whatever your prejudices
may be about Raymond Martarano...
...this is a father who just lost
his eldest son.
Hey, lawyer Fox, you want me
to give up some names...
...so your client can kick ass
and kill another innocent bystander?
You tell Mr. Martarano
I am sorry for his loss...
...and he will get the cooperation
that he gives.
- I'll report our conversation.
- And I'll go back to work.
- Ms. Savino?
- Yes.
I'm Det. Simone.
Oh, yes, you were there this morning.
I came to see how things were going,
and maybe provide some information.
Why don't we sit over here?
What sort of information?
After you left, I remembered some facts
that might help on the case.
I remembered something
my mother told me the day before.
That she'd seen a black pickup truck
not normally parked on the block...
...that was there two times
or more last week.
- Uh-huh.
- Well, you see what I mean?
She might have seen something
pertaining to this truck...
...and with the people involved,
maybe they're the ones who did it.
This morning, when I went out, it was
there. A black pickup truck...
...with tinted windows.
You know, so people can't see in.
Right. Black pickup,
tinted glass, front and rear?
Just rear. I wrote down the license.
I got to tell you, it's highly
unlikely there's a connection...
...but we'll check it out.
Should I photograph the truck,
do you think?
I think we have all we need on that.
The more you love someone, the harder
it is to understand when they're taken.
I know there's a chance
it was an accident, just an accident.
I tell myself that.
But then I think, well...
...how many people's mothers
get shot by accident?
- It doesn't make any sense.
- No, it doesn't.
- I'm sorry if I wasted your time.
- No, not at all.
- You got my card.
- You mean I should've called you?
No, I'm just reminding you
that you've got it.
Call me. Get in touch with me
whenever you want.
All right, thank you.
Detective, in all the hubbub,
we didn't get to say hello.
- Bobby Simone.
- Donna Abandando.
Pleased to meet you.
That was the last time you saw him?
Yeah, thanks.
So Jerry Littman with two T's
says Ray Jr. was a deadbeat.
He stiffed him on dough they were
going into business with...
...but Ray had such a bright personality,
such a happy time...
...with the bims and the recreational
stimulants that Jerry couldn't stay mad.
- What did he say about Paula?
She modeled for him.
She's from Elizabeth, New Jersey.
And before Raymond, she was
seeing some guy that hauls bricks.
He came into Littman's show room with
cement on his shoes. Come on, let's go.
- He tell you this guy's name?
- Uh-uh.
But he says Paula and him
were a pretty heavy item.
Listen...
...it's a good thing
you left room for the boyfriend.
How are we doing, Paula?
Oh, great. Thanks.
Yeah, it's real great.
- Got your yogurt.
- When can I go?
Shouldn't be too long now.
Look, if you have any questions,
just ask them.
You know, I'm kind of going crazy
in here. What is the problem?
My problem, Paula,
is that I just don't believe you.
Well, I don't understand
what you're saying.
You don't even believe
that I was seeing Raymond?
No, I heard all that.
I heard all about the clubs
and how you were treated like royalty.
But then we hear
about Elizabeth, New Jersey.
So?
What's that supposed to mean?
Everyone comes from somewhere, right?
- You go back every weekend?
- My family's over there.
Just your family, huh?
Hey, look, don't play with me,
all right?
If we go back there
and ask questions about you...
- ...we won't find out something?
- There's nothing to find.
I sat over there for years
and I looked across this river...
...and this is where I wanted to be,
and I wanted to be here with Raymond.
So don't you go telling me
that I didn't care about him.
Oh, I wish he was still alive.
All right, Paula. Listen to me, all right?
Whoever did this, we're not the only
people looking for him. Understand?
- Raymond's family?
- Whoever did this...
...he'd have a lot better chance in here
with us than he would on the street.
Now, if it's somebody
that you cared about-
It is somebody
that you cared about, right?
I understand that. Maybe if it was me,
I'd be here doing the same thing.
But I want you to think about something.
I want you to think about the position
that this person is in.
Somebody out there's gonna find him.
And...
- ...he'd go to jail?
- No.
Nobody can say anything like that.
We don't know the circumstances.
If Raymond had a gun and threatened
him, that could totally change things.
Who's your boyfriend, Paula?
Come on. Look, I know you love him.
You're trying to protect him.
I respect that.
But what you're doing here
is not gonna help him.
It's gonna get him killed.
It's not-
It's not his fault.
It's my fault. It was because
of everything that I was doing.
His name is Paddy Perkins.
I can tell you where he works.
Good.
Hey. Hey.
We're looking for Paddy Perkins.
He's an oiler. He's over there.
You need a hardhat to go over there.
Yeah, okay.
- Hey, you Paddy?
No.
Hey, Paddy around?
- Yeah, that's me.
You got a minute?
You're gonna have to take
a ride with us.
What's?
- Your name was mentioned...
...in an investigation.
Come to the station house with us
and we'll straighten it out. Come on.
Everything all right?
These guys are cops.
They want me to go with them.
- What do you want to do?
- Why, you writing a book?
- It's all right. I'll go.
I know the law.
They got no warrant,
you don't have to go.
Hey, Paddy's cooperating here. You stay
out of this. Nobody asked you anything.
I work with the guy.
I'm telling him his rights.
Yeah? What about your rights
to getting your ass kicked...
...getting collared and winding up
in night court? Want those?
- Let's go.
- It's all right.
I didn't think so.
Come on.
Allison, your mother told us that there
are some things going on in your home.
I don't know why she came here.
I don't know why she brought me here.
She told us your father's been sleeping
with you in your bedroom.
Is your father having relations
with you, Allison?
Don't I have the right
to talk to an attorney?
No one's accusing you of anything.
If anyone did anything wrong,
it would be your father.
My mother lies.
Why would she lie
about something like that?
I don't know, but it's not true.
Your father isn't having relations
with you?
No.
Why don't I bring your mother in here?
Allison...
...why don't I bring
your mother in here?
Okay.
Could you come in
for a second, Mrs. Davis?
Sit down.
Allison said her father
hasn't been intimate with her.
- How can you do this?
- I have to do this. It can't go on.
You know what they'll do.
They'll take me away.
Allison, that isn't true.
It can't go on, Allison.
I can't live with it anymore.
You can't make me say anything.
You can put me in jail,
but I'll never say anything.
Honey, please.
I'm only trying to help you.
No.
I'm not afraid. I'll go to jail.
No one is going to put you in jail...
...but you can't hide from this
any longer.
We have to do something about this.
Don't you want it to stop?
Tell me what he did to you.
He touched me.
- And he showed me how to touch him.
- Oh, God.
What could I do?
He's my father.
When did it start?
I don't know exactly.
It was before I got my periods.
When he began sleeping with you,
what did he do?
He does everything.
You know, everything.
Here, sit down.
- So am I under arrest?
No, you're not under arrest.
So, what's going to get me
back to the job?
What's this about?
I'm losing a day's pay here.
Paddy, where were you
between 6:30 and 8 this morning?
That's easy. I was sitting
in traffic in the tunnel.
- Did you drive in with anybody?
- No.
You can check with Tommy Doyle.
He's an oiler on the same crew.
He was late too.
All right, maybe we'll talk to him.
Paddy, we've been talking to Paula.
- Paula Anderson?
Yeah.
Is she in trouble?
A guy named Raymond Martarano
was shot in front of her place.
- But she's okay?
- Yeah, she's okay.
She ever talk to you about this guy,
Raymond Martarano?
No. I don't see too much of her anymore
since she moved away from Elizabeth.
She gave us the impression that the two
of you were pretty close at one time.
Yeah? Well, we were.
Did you know she was going out
with Raymond for the last three months?
No, I didn't know that.
I don't know too much about what she
does since she moved to the city.
Yeah. This Martarano's a mob guy.
A real scumbag.
I guess they caught up with him.
An elderly woman lives in one of the
apartments, was sitting at her window...
...she got hit by a stray bullet.
- She gonna be all right?
- She's dead.
I'm sure no one meant
to kill that woman.
But until we find out
why the guy was killed...
...we got to treat that one
as an intentional murder also.
But we know it wasn't.
Yeah, well, I didn't shoot anybody.
All right, Paddy, we got
to check out a few things.
Why don't you take the time,
think if there's any way you can help us.
Huh?
I'm sure someone transposed
license plate numbers.
I've never had an auto accident,
and I've never been in Albany.
There may be some clerical mix-up.
I don't know why we couldn't have
done this by phone.
Well, they need a personal
interview for the files.
Step right in.
To tell you the truth, Mr. Davis...
...we're not going to be talking
about any auto accident in Albany.
What do you mean?
- You know what we'll be talking about.
- I have absolutely no idea.
You saying you brought me here
under false pretenses?
Sit down.
One of our detectives...
...has taken a complaint about you
from your wife and daughter.
They've made some
disturbing statements.
I'm dumbfounded by this.
A lot of people have
very strong feelings...
...about the things your daughter
says you've done.
I wanna talk to Allison.
They tend to focus on punishment,
which in your case, would be prison.
- Prison?
- That's right.
Now...
...I'm a family man. I know how
important it is to keep families together.
- Well, that's certainly true.
- Based on what your daughter has said...
...I think your being forthcoming...
...is the best chance at keeping
this situation under control.
I don't know.
Maybe I should speak to a lawyer.
Yeah, well, you know,
that's the other way you could go.
Then it goes to the DA,
it's out of my hands.
What would be the alternative?
Something like counseling?
Well, I'd need your help
on something like that.
You'd have to make a statement
of corroboration.
An admission that I've done something?
Yeah, it would have to conform to
what your wife and daughter have said.
- What did they say?
- You know...
...spending the nights
with your daughter...
...physical touching,
and penetration, and so forth.
Otherwise, you see, if it's in dispute...
...it has to go to the DA.
I love my daughter.
I would never do anything
to hurt her.
You think I might qualify
for counseling?
In that regard, a statement
is absolutely your best shot.
My family...
...is everything to me.
- I'll do it.
- All right.
We're going to have
a formality here.
I'll give you your Miranda rights,
and you're going to do a statement.
- You have the right to an attorney-
- I know my rights.
Let me just finish this.
You have the right to remain silent.
Paddy, I know you're a decent guy.
You want to do the right thing and
help these people that lost their mother.
You got to know
what they're going through.
You ready to do the right thing, Paddy?
Look, Paula and me, we've been
together since we were 11 years old.
I love her.
Guys used to make fun of me
because I love her so much.
I got money saved. I was gonna
get us a place in Rahway.
How'd you find out
she was seeing Raymond?
Guy from over in Elizabeth.
He's an electrician.
He was working 7th Avenue.
He saw them. He told me about it.
I didn't want to believe him.
I had to see for myself.
I got money saved. I was gonna buy us
a place with a nice yard in Rahway.
So, what'd you do? You waited in front
of her place, and you saw him come out?
Yeah, he came out. Yeah.
Did he see you?
- Did he threaten you or anything?
- No.
It was just the way he walked,
that prick.
Like he had just taken away my life
and he felt good about it.
So he sees me,
I tell him I want to talk to him.
He tells me to kiss his ass.
So I tell him he should leave her alone
because he probably doesn't love her.
Then he sees I got a gun.
- Did you have the gun out?
- No, it was just in my belt.
Then he goes for me
and raises up his hand.
- So you guys struggled, huh?
Not really.
He made, like, these little burping
noises every time the bullets hit him.
I'm sorry about that lady.
Take a little break, huh?
Then we'll go talk to the DA.
Sure.
In your statement...
...if you remembered there was
a struggle for the gun...
...if that should come back to you,
remember to say that.
One thing.
You think I could see Paula?
I just want to tell her....
- I wanna see her.
- We'll try to work something out.
- I'll get the lieutenant's okay.
- Tried to help the guy...
...he wants to hold hands
with his girlfriend.
- Keep an eye on the guy.
Lieutenant?
The kid in Interrogation 2,
he turned over. He did it.
Is that satisfactory?
Yeah.
This will do the trick.
Get up.
Mr. Davis, I'm placing you under arrest.
- This is just another formality?
- Yeah.
This is the formality
that puts you in jail.
What are you saying? You promised
I'd get off with counseling.
Someone else will make that decision.
I'm putting you under arrest.
You lied to me!
You promised if I made a statement,
I wouldn't go to jail.
I said a statement's your best shot.
The DA makes the decision.
You want my opinion?
I hope they put you away,
you sick son of a bitch!
Will she have to make
another statement?
No, that will be it for today.
The DA will be in touch with you.
- You bastard!
- Miriam.
Ignore him.
- Don't talk!
- Remember what I said.
- Don't talk to her!
He's going into the system.
Let's go inside.
Remember what Daddy told you!
Thanks.
Hey, Paula.
So here we are, huh?
Yeah.
From one minute to the next,
everything's just...
...gone.
I'm so sorry.
I am so sorry for hurting you.
Just don't hate me, okay?
Just try not to hate me.
Hate you?
I could never hate you.
That's just something I could never do.
You know that.
Don't you know that?
Sure, you got to know that. Huh?
You got to know that.
So I'll see you later?
Yeah, I'll see you at Georgetti's.
He wants to buy us a beer.
He seems like a nice guy.
You wanna invite him to dinner?
Hey, I'm working with this guy.
I'm not looking to adopt him.
- See you.
- Yeah.
- Andy's in the hall.
All right, let's go.
- Hey, good job today.
Thanks, lieutenant.
Lucky I gave you the full orientation.
- It's always this quiet around here, huh?
Good night, guys.
- Are you ready?
Yeah, I'm ready.
And a soda.
- Thanks, Bobby.
Yeah, thanks a lot.
Thanks for making me
feel welcome, guys.
So...
- ...he raises pigeons.
- Is that right?
Racing homers.
Flown them since I was a kid.
Yeah, what's the actual limit there?
The farthest they can
actually return from?
I've had them come back
from 500 miles.
- You must be some kind of trainer, huh?
It isn't training.
It's what's inside them.
I had these 10 birds, and I took them
up to Maine with me, right?
An hour after I get back home,
I'm standing there on the roof...
...and I'm watching them come in.
Every single one of them made it back.
I raise fish.
Is that right?
Oh, yeah.
That's a big hobby with Andy.
Saltwater tropicals.
See, there's a hobby I never understood.
I had buddies that raised pigeons-
I got a clown fish couple.
They just had eggs.
The morning, when I'm having
my coffee, the male...
...he cleans each egg with his mouth.
Never breaks one.
Then the whole day while I'm working,
him and the wife are guarding that nest.
They fan the water all over their eggs.
Those are dedicated fish.
You seen that kind of thing in pigeons?
- Pigeons make good parents.
- Anyways, I gotta go.
Yeah, I gotta go too.
- Thanks for the beer, Bobby.
Yeah, me too.
- I'll see you tomorrow, huh?
- I'll see you guys.
Yeah.
- Take it easy.
Good night, Dave.
Have a good night, guys.
Feels good being back out
in the street, Andy.
Forgot how much I missed it.
So you took that p. c. job for what?
A fast career track?
I needed something with regular hours.
I had some problems at home.
My wife had breast cancer.
She died last year.
That had to be tough.
I'm sorry.
Look, I'm meeting a friend
for dinner. Wanna join us?
Thanks, Andy, no.
You know what?
I'm gonna go back
and do the fives on the case.
Don't let me discourage you there.
- So I'll see you tomorrow, huh?
- Yeah.
I figured maybe I'd do
my own paperwork.
Sure.
This is some Greek stuff
from one of those Greek places.
- You know, those grape leaf rolls.
- Dolma.
Sylvia stopped for it,
the ADA you met.
Thanks.
Yeah, it was her idea.
So I got about halfway
through the interviews.
Let's just divvy up
what you got left there.
I got to wear glasses now.
It's all that paperwork, man.
Yeah, I just need them for reading.
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-